Let's create our islands now.
So first of all we want to do is we want to create a new layer then let's grab our values layer and
bring it to the top so we can see our drawn.
Now let's use our Lasso tool and we'll trace out one of these tectonic plates
.
All right.
That should be good.
Now let's grab this purple color there is its color right there and we're going to fill our selection
and
make sure we're on our new layer.
And let's bring our layer in front of our background so you can see it.
Now let's I'm going to use this pink color with my brush.
I'm going to paint the edges of my tectonic plate.
It's kind of hard to see because our drawing is turned on.
So let's turn him off and then we just want to get the very edges of our plate doesn't have to be perfect
because it's a rock it's part of the earth so it can be pretty organic
.
All right let's unselect out of that.
Now let's create a folder and we're going to call this folder island.
Let's drag our new creation into our folder.
And now we're going to do as we're going to copy our atomic play.
Now let's paste them in.
So now we have two tectonic plates.
Well let's turn our drawing back on
and let's bring it.
Beneath our tectonic plate.
So what we're going to do now is using Control-C we are going to rotate and change the size of these
tectonic plates.
And we're just going to continue copying and pasting and putting them into place.
So I'll show you what I mean.
So this guy right here we need him to kind of fit more into our drawing of this the next tectonic plate
next to this tectonic plate.
So we'll go Comanche.
And by doing that we can rotate it and we can also change the size of it.
That's probably about good to paste another one.
Now some of these are wider stuffier and some of them are a lot skinnier.
So continue pasting these tectonic plates and re shaping and sizing them to fit into their spots.
And once you've completed that we can go ahead and move on to creating our floating islands